Lower default RAM footprint for nRF70/nRF71 Wi-Fi drivers (#30004)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/migration/migration_guide_3.5.rst

This section describes the changes related to drivers.

.. toggle::

   * nRF70 Series and nRF71 Series Wi-Fi drivers:

>      * The default RAM footprint of the drivers has been lowered by reducing the default values of the following Kconfig options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. toggle::

   * Wi-Fi drivers for the nRF70 and nRF71 Series:

     * Updated the default values of the following Kconfig options to reduce the default RAM footprint of the Wi-Fi drivers:
```

       * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF70_RX_NUM_BUFS` (or :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF71_RX_NUM_BUFS`) from ``48`` to ``16``.
       * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF70_MAX_TX_AGGREGATION` (or :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF71_MAX_TX_AGGREGATION`) from ``12`` to ``4``.
       * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_WIFI_DATA_HEAP_SIZE` from ``130000`` to ``65536``.

>      * If your application relies on the earlier default values, set these Kconfig options to their previous values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * If your application relies on the previous default values, set these Kconfig options to their earlier values.
```
